# Salient Object Detection via Objectess Measure

### Introduction


This demo shows how to use Saliency Objectness [1], as well as Saliency Optimization [2], Saliency Filter [3], Geodesic Saliency [4], and Manifold Ranking [5].

Visit our [Project Webpage](http://saisrivatsan.github.io/SaliencyWebpage/) for more details


Code for [1] by Sai Srivatsa R  
[Code](http://research.microsoft.com/en-US/people/yichenw/mcode_addslicsourcecode_8_30_2014.rar) for [2,3,4,5] by Wangjiang Zhu  


If you use this code, please cite both [1] and [2].

### Instructions

To run the demo for default images stored in `Data\SRC` and to perform evaluation run: `>>demo`.  
The saliency maps are stored in `Data\Res` .  

To obtain saliency maps for custom images using our approach and other methods: 

1. Add the required files to `Data\SRC` .  
2. Add the Objectness Proposals generated by BING [6] to `BingBoxes\` .  
3. Now run the demo: `>>demo`.    

To evaluate our approach and other methods:  

1. add the ground truth images to `Data\GT`.  
2. Now run the demo: `>>demo`.    


### References


[1] Sai Srivatsa R, R Venkatesh Babu. Salient Object Detection via
Objectness Measure. In ICIP, 2015.

[2] Wangjiang Zhu, Shuang Liang, Yichen Wei, and Jian Sun. Saliency
Optimization from Robust Background Detection. In CVPR, 2014.

[3] F. Perazzi, P. Krahenbuhl, Y. Pritch, and A. Hornung. Saliency
filters: Contrast based filtering for salient region detection.
In CVPR, 2012.

[4] Y.Wei, F.Wen,W. Zhu, and J. Sun. Geodesic saliency using
background priors. In ECCV, 2012.

[5] C. Yang, L. Zhang, H. Lu, X. Ruan, and M.-H. Yang. Saliency
detection via graph-based manifold ranking. In CVPR, 2013.

[6] M.M Cheng and Z. Zhang and W. Y. Lin and P. H. S. Torr. Binarized 
Normed Gradients for Objectness Estimation at 300fps. In CVPR, 2014.



